add beta note to custom metrics content (#5347)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/performance/instrumentation/performance-metrics.mdx

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/automatic-performance-metrics" />

## Custom Metrics

<Note>
  
While any organization can set custom metrics in the SDK, the ability to see the data generated by these metrics is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in joining this limited release, please reach out at abc@sentry.io.
  
</Note>

> In addition to automatic performance metrics, the SDK supports setting custom performance metrics on transactions. This allows you to define metrics that are important to your application and send them to Sentry.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to automatic performance metrics, the SDK supports setting [custom performance metrics](/product/src/docs/product/sentry-basics/metrics/) on transactions. This allows you to define metrics that are important to your application and send them to Sentry.
```

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/automatic-performance-metrics" />

## Custom Metrics

<Note>
  

> While any organization can set custom metrics in the SDK, the ability to see the data generated by these metrics is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in joining this limited release, please reach out at abc@sentry.io.

Author: ```suggestion
While any organization can set custom metrics in the SDK, the ability to see the data generated by these metrics is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).
```

> While any organization can set custom metrics in the SDK, the ability to see the data generated by these metrics is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).

Author: ```suggestion
While any organization can set custom metrics in the SDK, the ability to see the data generated by these metrics is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join our waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).
```

> <Note>
>   
> While any organization can set custom metrics in the SDK, the ability to see the data generated by these metrics is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join our waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).
>   
> </Note>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> In addition to automatic performance metrics, the SDK supports setting [custom performance metrics](/product/src/docs/product/sentry-basics/metrics/) on transactions. This allows you to define metrics that are important to your application and send them to Sentry.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to automatic performance metrics, the SDK supports setting [custom performance metrics](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/) on transactions. This allows you to define metrics that are important to your application and send them to Sentry.
```

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/automatic-performance-metrics" />

## Custom Metrics

> 

Author: ```suggestion
<Note>

 organization can set custom metrics in the SDK, the ability to see the data generated by these metrics is in beta and is only available if your organization is participating in its limited release. Features in beta are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. If you’re interested in participating, [join the waitlist](https://sentry.io/for/performance/#updates-signup).

</Note>

```
